Binwalk 	It is a tool for searching a given binary image for embedded files and executable code.
bulk-extractor 	It extracts information without parsing file systems such as e-mail addresses, credit 
                card numbers, URLs, and other types of details from digital evidence files.
Capstone 	It is a framework used for binary analysis and reversing. It supports multiple hardware 
            architectures and provides semantics of the disassembled instruction.
chntpw 	It is used to view information and change user passwords in Windows NT/2000 user database file.
Cuckoo 	It is a malware analysis system that can provide you the details of suspicious files you asking for.
dc3dd 	It is a patched version of GNU dd with added features for computer forensics.
ddrescue 	It duplicates data from one file or block device to another specified file or block.
DFF 	DFF stands for Digital Forensic Framework. It is used to quickly and easily collect, preserve, and 
        reveal digital evidence without compromising systems and data.
diStorm3 	It is a lightweight, easy-to-use, and fast decomposer library that disassembles a staged reverse 
            shell generated by msfpayload.
Dumpzilla 	Dumpzilla is a tool to extract all forensic related information of Firefox, Iceweasel, and 
            Seamonkey browsers to analyse.
extundelete 	This tool is used to recover deleted files from ext3/ext4 file system partition.
Foremost 	It is a forensic tool to recover lost files based on their headers, footers, and internal data 
            structures.
Galleta 	It is a forensic tool that examines the content of cookies produced by Internet explorer.
Guymager 	It is a free forensic imager for media access. It generates flat, EWF, and AFF images support 
            disk cloning.
iPhone Backup Analyzer 	It is a backup utility designed to browse easily through the backup folder of an 
                        iPhone.
p0f 	It is a traffic fingerprinting mechanism to identify the process behind any incidental TCP/IP 
        communications without disturbing the process in any way.
Pdf-parser 	It is used to parse a PDF document to identify the fundamental elements used in the analysed file.
pdfid 	It scans a file to look for certain pdf keywords, allowing you to identify PDF documents that 
        contain JavaScript.
pdgmail 	It extracts Gmail artefacts from a pd process memory dump
peepdf 	It is a pdf analysis tool to explore PDF files in order to find if the file can be harmful or not.
RegRipper 	It extracts information from the windows registry and presents it for analysis.
Volatility 	It is a memory forensic analysis platform to extracts the digital artefacts from the RAM samples.
Xplico 	It is a network forensic analysis tool that extracts application data from internet traffic.