Information Gathering Tools with Description

ace-voip - ACE(Automated Corporate Enumerator) is a powerful tool that mimics the behavior of IP phones 
           to download the name and extension entries. It is developed to automate VoIP attacks that can 
           be targeted against names in an enterprise directory.

Amap - It is a tool that identifies applications even if they are running on a different port and also 
       identifies non-ASCII based applications.

APT2 - It is the acronym for "Automated Penetration Testing". It is a tool that performs an NMap or 
       imports the results of a scan from Nexpose, Nessus, or NMap.

arp-scan - It is also called as ARP sweep or MAC Scanner. It is a very fast ARP packet scanner that 
           shows every active IPv4 device on your Subnet even if they have firewalls. ARP is 
           non-routable, so it only works on the Local LAN.

Automater - It is a URL or Domain, IP Address, and Md5 Hash OSINT analysis tool that eases the 
            analysis process for intrusion Analyst.

bing-ip2hosts -  It enumerates hostnames for an IP using bing.com. It comes with a feature 
                 to search for websites hosted on a specific IP address.

braa - It is a mass SNMP scanner able to query dozens or hundreds of hosts simultaneously 
        and in a single process. It is very fast as it consumes few system resources.

CaseFile - CaseFile is a limited form of Maltego. It has the same graphic application as 
            Maltego but not has the ability to run the transformation.


CDPSnarf - It is a network sniffing tool exclusively written to extract information from CDP (Cisco 
            Discovery Protocol) packets. It also provides the information a "show cdp neighbors detail" 
            command would return on a Cisco router.

cisco-torch - It is a Cisco device scanner that extensively uses forking to launch multiple scanning 
                processes on the background for maximum scanning efficiency.

copy-router-config - It copies configuration files from Cisco devices running SNMP (Simple Network Management 
                     Protocol).

Dmitry - It stands for Deepmagic Information Gathering Tool. It is a UNIX/ (GNU) Linux Command Line Application 
          coded in C language. It is able to gather as many details as possible about a host.

Dnmap - It is a framework to distribute nmap scans among n number of clients. It always reads an already 
        created file with nmap commands and sends those commands to each client connected to it.

Dnsmap - It is used by pen-testers during the information gathering/enumeration phase of infrastructure 
          security assessments to find the target company's IP netblocks, domain names, phone numbers, etc...

DNSRecon -  It is a powerful DNS enumeration script that provides the ability to perform- check all NS 
            records for zone transfer, General DNS Record and SRV Record Enumeration, checks Wildcard 
            Resolution, PTR record lookup, etc.

Dnstracer - It traces DNS queries to the source and determines whether a given Domain Name Server gets 
            its information from a given hostname.

Dnswalk - It is a DNS debugger that performs zone transfers of specified domains and checks the database 
          in many ways for internal consistency and accuracy.

DotDotPwn - It is a fuzzer to discover traversal directory vulnerabilities in software such as 
            HTTP/FTP/TFTP servers and Web platforms such as CMSs, ERPs, Blogs, etc.

Enum4Linux - It is a tool to enumerate information from Windows and Samba systems.

enumIAX - It is an Inter Asterisk Exchange protocol username brute-force enumerator. It operates in 
          two distinct modes- Sequential Username Guessing and Dictionary Attack.

EyeWitness - It is a tool to take screenshots of websites, RDP (Remote Desktop) services, and open 
            VNC (Virtual Network Computing) servers. It also provides some server header info and 
            identifies default credentials if possible.

Faraday - It introduces IPE (Integrated Penetration-Test Environment), which is a multiuser Penetration 
        test IDE that is designed for distribution, indexing and analysis of the data generated during 
        a security audit. The main purpose if this tool is to re-use the available tools.

Fierce - It is a survey tool that is used to locate likely targets both inside and outside a corporate network.

Firewalk - It is a network security survey tool that is used to determine what will be passed by the layer 
            4 protocol (a given IP forwarding device). It works by sending out TCP or UDP packets with a 
            TTL one greater than the targeted gateway.

fragroute - It provides a simple rule set language to delay, duplicate, drop, fragment, overlap, print, reorder, 
            segment, source-route, or otherwise hop with all outbound packets destined for a target host with 
            minimal support for random behaviour. 

fragrouter - It is a network intrusion detection toolkit. It is a one-way fragmenting router, i.e. 
            IP packets get sent from the attackers to the fragrouter, which changes them into a 
            fragmented data stream to forward to the victim.

Ghost Phisher - It is a GUI suit for phishing and penetration attacks. Or a wireless and Ethernet 
                security auditing and attack software program to emulate and deploy access points. 

GoLismero -  It is an open source framework for security testing. It is currently used for web security 
             but can be easily expanded to other kinds of the scan.

goofile - This tool is used to search a specific file type in a given domain.

hping3 - It is an Active Network Smashing Tool used as a security tool to perform Firewall testing, 
        advance port scanning, network testing, manual path MTU discovery, remote OS fingerprinting, 
        TCP/IP stacks auditing, etc....

ident-user-enum - It is used to determine the owner of the TCP network process listening on each TCP 
                  port of a target system. It can help to prioritise target service during a pen-test.

InSpy - It is a LinkedIn enumeration tool with two functionalities i.e., TechSpy and EmpSpy. 
        TechSpy takes LinkedIn job listings for technologies used by the target company. InSpy is used 
        to identify technologies by matching job descriptions to the keyword from a newline-delimited file.

InTrace - It enables users to enumerate IP hops, which are exploiting existing TCP connections from the 
            local network as well as from remote hosts. It can be used for network survey and firewall 
            bypassing.

iSMTP - It tests for the SMTP user enumeration (RCPT TO and VRFY), internal spoofing, and relay.

Ibd - It stands for Load Balancing Detector. It is used if a given domain uses DNS or HTTP Load-Balancing.

Maltego Teeth - It can be used for the information gathering phase of all security related work. 
                It helps you in your thinking process by visually demonstrating interconnected links 
                between searched items. It gives you access to hidden information.

Masscan - It is the fastest internet port scanner that scans the entire internet under 6 minutes, 
          transmitting 10 million packets per second.

Metagoofil - It is an information gathering tool designed for extracting metadata of a public document 
            that belongs to a target company. 

Miranda - It is a Plug-N-Play client application designed to discover, query, and interact with UPNP 
          devices, Internet Gateway Devices. 

nbtscan-unixwiz - It is a command-line tool that scans for open NETBIOS name servers on a local or 
                    remote TCP/IP network. 

Nikto - It is an open source web server scanner used to run the comprehensive test against web servers 
        for multiple items that includes huge number of potentially dangerous files, run checks for 
        outdated version over thousands of servers and also version specific problems

Nmap - This utility is used for network discovery and security auditing. It uses raw IP packets in 
        simple ways to determine what hosts are available on the network.

ntop - It shows the network uses and can be used in both interactive or web mode. It uses libcap, 
        a system-independent interface for user-level packet capture.

OSRFramework - It is a set of libraries that checks for a user profile in up to 290 different 
                platforms. It provides a way of making these queries graphically.

p0f - This tool utilizes an array of sophisticated, purely passive traffic fingerprinting mechanisms 
      to identify the processes behind any TCP/IP communication without interfering in any way.

Parsero - It is used to read the Robots.txt files of a web server and look at the banned entries. These 
          entries tell the search engines what directories or files hosted on a web server mustn't be indexed.

Recon-ng - It is a fully loaded web survey framework in which open-source web-based reconnaissance can be 
            conducted quickly and thoroughly.

SET - SET stands for Social Engineer Toolkit. It is an open-source penetration testing framework that is 
      designed for Social-Engineering. It contains a number of custom attack vectors that allow you 
      to make a believable attack in a fraction of the time.

SMBMap -  It allows the user to enumerate samba share drives across an entire domain. It contains the 
          list of share drives, drives permissions, shares contents, upload/download functionality, etc.? 
          It is designed to simplify searching for potentially sensitive data across large networks.

smtp-user-enum - It is a username guessing tool primarily for the SMTP service. It is used to enumerate 
                 OS level user accounts on Solaris via the SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) service.

snmp-check - It allows you to enumerate the SNMP devices and places the output in a readable format. 
             It is useful for penetration testing or system monitoring.

SPARTA - It is a network infrastructure penetration testing tool that aids the penetration tester 
        in the scanning and enumeration phase. It eases access to the toolkits and displays output 
        in a convenient way.

sslcaudit -  It can be used against the MIMT attacks and useful for testing thick clients and anything 
             communicating over SSL/TLS over TCP.

SSLsplit - It is a tool for man-in-the-middle-attack against SSL/TLS encrypted network connections. 
            It is very useful for network forensics and penetration testing.

sslstrip - It is used to transparently hijack HTTP traffic on a network, watch for HTTPS links and 
            redirects to it. It maps those links into similar HTTP links or homographs.

SSLyze -  It analyses the SSL configuration of a server by connecting to it. It is very fast and 
          comprehensive, and help the tester to identify mis-configuration that are affecting their 
          SSL servers.

Sublist3r - It is a fast subdomain enumeration tool for penetration testers. It iterates subdomains 
            using many search engines such as Google Yahoo, Bing, and Ask, etc

THC-IPV6 - It is a tool to attack the inherited weakness of IPV6 and ICMP6 protocol. It converts a 
            MAC or IPv4 address to an IPv6 address.

theharvester - It is used to gather e-mail accounts and subdomain names from public sources.

TLSSLed -  	It is used to evaluate the security of a target SSL/TLS (HTTPS) web servers' implementation.

twofi - It stands for Twitter Words of Interest. It will take multiple search terms and return a 
        word list sorted by most common first.

Unicornscan - It is an information gathering and correlation engine that is scalable, accurate, flexible, 
                and efficient. It measures the response from a TCP/IP enabled device or network.

URLCrazy - It is a Domain typo generator that detects and performs typo squatting, URL hijacking, phishing, 
            and corporate espionage.

Wireshark - It is a network protocol/traffic analyser. It allows us to monitor our network at a microscopic level.

WOL-E - A complete suite of tools for the Wake on LAN feature of network attached computers.

Xplico - It is a Network Forensic Analysis Tool (NFAT), which is used to extract the application data from 
        internet traffic.
