BruteSpray 	It takes nmap GNMAP/XML output and automatically brute-force services with default credentials using Medusa.
Burp Suite 	It is a platform to perform security testing of web applications.
CeWL 	It is a custom wordlist generator that spread a given url to a specified depth, optionally following 
        external links. It also returns a list of words which can be used for password crackers.
chntpw 	It is a tool that allows you to view information and change user passwords in a Windows NT/2000 user 
        database file.
Cisco-auditing-tool 	It scans cisco routers for common vulnerability and errors.
CmosPwd 	It is a tool to decrypt the password stored in CMOS used to access a computer BIOS setup.
creddump 	It is used to extract various credentials and secrets from Windows registry hives.
crowbar 	It is a brute-forcing tool that can be used during penetration tests.
crunch 	It creates a wordlist based on the criteria we specify.
findmyhash 	It cracks hashes using online services.
gpp-decrypt 	It will decrypt a given GPP (Group Policy Preference) encrypted string.
hash-identifier 	It is a tool to identify the different types of hashes used to encrypt data.
Hashcat 	It is the world's fastest and most advanced password recovery tool.
HexorBase 	It is a database application designed for administrating and auditing multiple database servers 
            simultaneously from a centralized location.
THC-Hydra 	It is a fast network login cracker which supports a huge number of protocols to attack.
John 	the Ripper It is a password cracking tool.
Johnny 	It provides a GUI for the "John the Ripper" password cracking tool.
keimpx 	It checks for valid credentials across a network over SMB.
Maskprocessor 	It is a high-performance word generator with a per-position configurable charset packed into 
                a single binary package.
multiforcer 	It is a multi-GPU password cracker with support for many hash types such as MD5, SHA1, LM, 
                NTLM, etc...
Ncrack 	It is a High-speed network authentication cracking tool that gives a user full access over the 
        network operations that allows the very sophisticated bruteforcing attacks.
oclgausscrack 	It cracks the verification hash of the encrypted payload of the Gauss Virus.
ophcrack 	It is a Microsoft Windows password cracker based on rainbow tables.
PACK 	It is a password cracking tool that generates dictionary file statistics.
patator 	It is a multi-purpose brute-forcer that supports a huge number of modules.
Phrasendrescher 	It is a passphrase cracking tool that runs on FreeBSD, netBSD, OpenBSD, MacOS, and Linux.
Polenum 	It is a tool to extract the password policy from a Windows system.
RainbowCrack 	A rainbow table password cracker that uses the time-memory trade-off algorithm to crack 
                hashes.
rcracki-mt 	It is a modified version of rcrack which supports hybrid and indexed tables.
RSMangler 	It is a wordlist mangling tool that performs various manipulations similarly to John the Ripper.
SecLists 	It is a security tester. It consists of multiple types of lists used during security assessments, 
            collected in one place.
SQLdict 	It is a dictionary attack tool used for the SQL server.
Statsprocessor 	It is a High-performance word generator based on hashcat markov stats.
THC-pptp-bruter 	It is a brute force program against pptp vpn endpoints.
TrueCrack 	It is a brute-force password cracker for TrueCrypt volumes.
WebScarab 	It is a web application review tool for those who need to expose the working of a HTTPs based 
            application.
Wordlists 	It contains the rockyou wordlist and contains symlinks to a number of other password files 
            present in the Kali Linux distribution.
zaproxy 	It is a penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications.