bettercap 	It works like a Swiss army knife for network attacks and monitoring. It is a tool for network 
            capture, analysis, and MITM attacks.
Burp Suite 	Burp Suit is a platform for security testing of web applications.
DNSChef 	It is a highly configurable DNS proxy for Penetration Testers and Malware Analyst.
fiked 	It is a Cisco VPN attack tool that is used to attack insecure Cisco VPN PSK+XAUTH based IPsec 
        authentication setups, which are called as semi MitM attack.
hamster-sidejack 	It is a side-jacking tool that acts like a proxy server that replaces your cookies 
                    with session cookies stolen from somebody else.
HexInject 	It is a hexadecimal packet injector or sniffer which is capable of reading, intercepting, and 
            modifying network traffic in a transparent manner.
iaxflood 	It is a VOIP flooder tool.
inviteflood 	It is a SIP/SDP INVITE message flooding over UDP/IP.
iSMTP 	This tool tests for SMTP user enumeration, internal spoofing, and relay.
isr-evilgrade 	It is an Evilgrade framework that allows the user to take advantage of poor upgrade 
                implementations by injecting fake updates.
mitmproxy 	It is an HTTP proxy that provides a console interface that allows traffic flows to be inspected 
            and edited.
ohrwurn 	It is an RTP fuzzer that reads SIP messages to get information about the RTP port numbers.
protos-sip 	It evaluates the implementation level security and robustness of Session Initiation Protocol 
            implementation.
rebind 	It is a DNS rebinding tool that implements the multiple A record DNS rebinding attack.
responder 	It is an LLMNR and NBT-NS responder which answers to specific NBT-NS queries based on their name 
            suffix.
rtpbreak 	It detects, reconstructs and analyses RTP sessions
rtpinsertsound 	This tool is used to insert audio into a specified stream.
sctpscan 	It is a tool to mix pre-recorded audio in real-time with the audio in the specified target audio 
            stream.
SIPArmyKnife 	It is a fuzzer that searches for cross site scripting SQL injection, log injection, format 
                strings, buffer overflow, etc
SIPp 	It is a traffic generator for the SIP protocol.
SIPVicious 	It is an online password cracker that is used to audit SIP based VoIP systems.
Sniffjoke 	It is a transparent TCP connection scrambler that delays, modify and inject fake packets inside 
            your transmission.
SSLsplit 	It is a transparent and scalable SSL/ TLS interception used for man-in-the -middle attacks 
            against SSL/TLS encrypted network connections.
sslstrip 	It is an SSL/TLS man-in-the-middle attack tool that is used to hijack HTTP traffic on a network 
            transparently.
THC-IPV6 	It converts a MAC or IPv4 address to an IPv6 address.
VoIPHopper 	It mimics the behaviour of IP phones to rapidly run a VLAN hop into the voice VLAN on specific 
            Ethernet switches.
WebScarab 	It is a web application review tool used to expose the working of an HTTP based application.
Wifi Honey 	It creates five monitor mode interfaces, in which four are used as access points, and the fifth 
            is used for airodump-ng.
Wireshark 	It is a network protocol/traffic analyser. It allows us to monitor our network at a microscopic 
            level.
xspy 	It is a keystroke sniffer that sniffs keystrokes on remote or local X-Windows servers.
zaproxy 	It is a penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications.