BBQSQL - It is a SQL injection exploitation tool useful when attacking tricky SQL injection vulnerabilities.
         It eases the triggering of hard to trigger SQL injection findings.

BED - It stands for Brute-force Exploit Detector. It is a network protocol fuzzer that checks daemons for 
      potential buffer overflow.

Cisco-auditing-tool - It checks cisco routers for common vulnerabilities.

Cisco-global-exploiter - It is an advanced, simple, and fast security testing tool.

Cisco-ocs - It exploits Cisco devices in the given IP range.

Cisco-torch - It is Cisco device scanning, fingerprinting, and exploitation tool that is used when we need 
                to discover remote Cisco host, which is running Telnet, SSH, Web, NTP, and SNMP services 
                and launch a dictionary attack against the service discovered.

Copy-router-config - This tool is used to copy the configuration file from Cisco Devices via SNMP to the server.

Doona - It is a network fuzzer extracted from Brute-force Exploit Detector.

DotDotPwn - It is a fuzzer used to discover traversal directory vulnerabilities in the software of HTTP/FTP/TFTP 
            servers.

HexorBase - This tool is used for administrating and auditing multiple database servers simultaneously form a 
            centralized location, and it is used to perform SQL queries and brute-force attacks against 
            common database servers.

jSQL - Injection This tool is used to find database information from a distant server.

Lynis - It is an open source security auditing tool used to audit and harden Unix and Linux based systems.

Nmap - This utility is used for network discovery and security auditing. It uses raw IP packets in simple ways to 
        determine what hosts are available on the network.

Ohrwurn - It is an RTP fuzzer that reads SIP messages to get information about the RTP port numbers.

openvas - It is a framework that offers a comprehensive and powerful vulnerability scanning and management 
            solution.

Oscanner - It is an Oracle assessment framework used for Sid Enumeration, Passwords tests, Enumerate 
            database links, etc

Powerfuzzer - It is a highly automated and fully customizable web fuzzer used for Cross Site Scripting, 
                Injections, CRLF, and HTTP 500 statuses.

Sfuzz - It is a Black Box testing utilities used to create test cases. 

SidGuesser - It guesses sids or instance against an Oracle database according to a predefined dictionary file.

SIPArmyKnife -  It is a fuzzer that searches for cross site scripting, SQL injection, log injection, 
                format strings, buffer overflow, etc..

Sqlmap - Sqlmap is a pen-testing tool that automates the process of detecting and exploiting of SQL injection 
        drawbacks and taking over of database servers.

Sqlninja - It is a tool to exploit SQL injection vulnerabilities on a web application. It also provides remote 
            access to the vulnerable DB server.

Sqlsus - It is a MySQL injection and takeover tool used to retrieve the database structure, injecting your own 
        SQL queries, downloading files from the web server, crawl the website for writable directories using 
        command line interface.

THC-IPV6 - It is a set of tools to attack the inherent weakness of IPV6 and ICMP6. It converts a MAC or IPv4 
            address to an IPv6 address.

Tnscmd10g -  It is a tool to communicate with the Oracle TNS listener on port 1521/tcp on a simple level, 
            such as sending ping commands.

Unix-privesc-check - It is used to find misconfigurations that could allow local, unprivileged users to 
                    escalate privileges to other users.

Yersinia - It is a framework for performing layer 2 attacks. It takes advantages of the weakness in the 
            protocol.

