apache-users 	It enumerates usernames on systems with the Apache UserDir module.
Arachni 	It is used by the penetration testers and administrators to evaluate the security of web 
            applications.
BlindElephant 	It is a generic web application finger-printer.
Burp Suite 	It is a platform for security testing f web applications.
CutyCapt 	It is a utility to capture WebKit's rendering of a web page.
DAVTest 	It is a testing tool for WebDAV servers that test servers by uploading test executable files.
Deblaze 	It is a tool to perform testing against flash remoting endpoint.
DIRB 	It is a web content scanner to check for existing web objects.
DirBuster 	It is a web server directory brute-forcer.
Fitmap 	It is used to find, prepare, audit, exploit, and even google automatically for local and remote 
        file inclusion bugs in webapps.
FunkLoad 	It is a functional and load web tester that launches a TCPWatch proxy and record activities over 
            the network.
Gobuster 	It is a tool for brute-force URIs and DNS subdomains.
Grabber 	It is a web application scanner that scans for vulnerabilities in the application.
hURL 	It is a hexadecimal and URL encoder and decoder.
joomscan 	It is a vulnerability scanner project to detect Joomla CMS vulnerabilities and analyse them.
jSQL Injection 	This tool is used to find the database information.
Nikto 	It is an open source web server scanner used to run the comprehensive test against web servers for 
        multiple items that includes a huge number of potentially dangerous files, run checks for outdated 
        version over thousands of servers and also version specific problems
PadBuster 	It automates the padding of Oracle attacks and has the ability to decrypt arbitrary cipher text, 
            encrypt the arbitrary plaintext, and perform automated response analysis.
Parso 	It is a web application proxy for accessing web application vulnerabilities.
Parsero 	It is used to read the Robots.txt files of a web server and look at the banned entries. These 
            entries tell the search engines what directories or files hosted on a web server mustn't be 
            indexed.
Plecost 	It is a tool to search and retrieve information about the plugins versions installed in WordPress systems.
Powerfuzzer 	It is an automatic web fuzzer used for Cross Site Scripting.
proxyStrike 	It is an active web application proxy tool designed to find vulnerabilities while browsing 
                an application.
Recon-ng 	It is a fully loaded web survey framework in which open source web-based reconnaissance can be 
            conducted quickly and thoroughly.
Skipfish 	It is a full automated and active web application security survey tool.
Ua-tester 	It automatically checks a given URL using a list of standard and non-standard User Agent strings 
            provided by the user.
Uniscan 	It is a Remote File Include (RFI), Local file Include (LFI) and Remote Command Execution (RCE) 
            vulnerability scanner.
WebScarab 	It is a web application review tool
Webshag 	It is a Multi-threaded web server audit tool that gathers commonly useful functionalities for 
            web server auditing like website crawling, URL scanning, or file fuzzing.
webSlayer 	It brute-force web applications and can be used for finding resources that are not linked.
webSploit 	It is used for Social Engineering Works, Scan, Crawl and Analysis web, etc
WhatWeb 	It recognises web technologies, including CMS of a website, blogging platform, web servers, etc. 
            It also identifies version numbers, email addresses and more.
WPScan 	It is a WordPress vulnerability scanner that can be used to scan remote WordPress installations.
XSSer 	It is a framework to detect, exploit ad report XSS vulnerability in web-based applications.
zaproxy 	It is a penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications.