Airebase-ng 	This tool is used to attack clients as opposed to the Access Point itself. It has the ability
                to act as an ad-hoc Access Point.
Aircrack-ng 	It is an 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys cracking tool, which is used to recover the keys once 
                enough data packets have been captured.
Airdecap-ng 	It decrypts a WEP/WPA crypted pcap file.
Airdecloak-ng 	It removes a wep cloaked framed from a pcap file.
Aireplay-ng 	This tool is used to generate traffic by injecting packets into a wireless network.
airgraph-ng 	This tool is used to display the output given by the airodump-ng graphically.
Airmon-ng 	Airmon-ng is a tool used to enable or disable the monitor mode of wireless cards.
Airodump-ng 	It is used to capture the packet of the wireless network. If we have a connected GPS receiver, 
                airodump-ng can log the coordinates of the discovered access points.
Airodump-ng-oui-update 	It is used to download the OUI (Organizationally Unique Identifier) list from the 
                        IEEE.
Airolib-ng 	This tool creates and manages a WPA/WPA2 pre-computed hashes tables (essid and password list).
Airserv-ng 	It is a wireless network card server that allows a wireless application program to individually 
            use a wireless network card via a Client-server TCP network connection.
Airtun-ng 	It is a virtual tunnel interface creator that allows encrypted traffic to be monitored for wIDS 
            purposes and Injects arbitrary traffic into a network.
Asleap 	It is used to recover LEAP/PPTP passwords.
Besside-ng 	It will automatically crack all WEP & WPA networks in the range and create a log for the WPA 
            handshakes.
Bluelog 	It is a Bluetooth site survey tool used for site surveys and monitoring.
BlueMaho 	It is used for testing the Bluetooth device's security.
Bluepot 	It is designed to accept and store any malware sent to it and deal with common attacks such as 
            BlueBugging and BlueSnarfing.
BlueRanger 	It is a simple Bash script used to locate Bluetooth devices.
Bluesnarfer 	It is a Bluetooth snarfing utility that is used to get the device info by scanning the 
                remote device address.
Bully 	Bully is the implementation of the WPS brute force attack.
coWPAtty 	It is an offline dictionary attack against WPA/WPA2 networks using PSK-based authentication.
Eapmd5pass 	It is an authentication mechanism that does not provide the required protection for user 
            authentication credentials. It will mount an offline dictionary attack against the user's password.
Easside-ng 	It is a magic tool that automatically lets you communicate via a WEP- encrypted access point 
            without knowing the key.
Fern Wifi Cracker 	It is used for cracking and recovering of WEP/WPA/WPS keys and also runs other network 
                    based attacks on wireless or Ethernet.
FreeRADIUS-WPE 	It is a patch tool for FreeRADIUS implementation. It simplifies the setup of FreeRADIUS and 
                EAP authentication and adds WPE logging.
Ghost Phisher 	It is wireless and Ethernet security auditing and attack tool able to emulate access points 
                and deploy.
GISKismet 	It is a wireless recon visualization tool to represent data gathered using Kismet in a flexible 
            manner.
Gqrx 	It is a radio receiver powered by GNU Radio SDR framework and the QT graphical toolkit.
Gr-scan 	It is a scanner that scans a range of frequencies and prints a list of discovered signals.
hostapd-wpe 	It is used to implement an Authenticator and Authentication Server impersonation attacks to 
                obtain client credentials, establish connectivity to the client.
Ivstools 	It is used to merge and convert .ivs files.
Kalibrate-rtl 	It calculates local oscillator frequency offset using GSM base station.
KillerBee 	It is used for exploring and exploiting the security of ZigBee and IEE 802.15.4 networks.
Kismet 	It is a wireless network detector, sniffer, and intrusion detection system. You can use it with 
        any wireless card that supports raw monitoring (rfmon) mode.
makeivs-ng 	It generates a dummy IVS dump file with a specific WEP key.
mdk3 	It is a wireless attack tool for IEEE 802.11 networks that exploit IEEE 802.11 protocol weakness.
mfcuk 	It is a MIfare Classic DarkSide key Recovery Tool.
mfoc 	It allows you to recover authentication keys from MIFARE classic cards.
mfterm 	It is a terminal interface for working with Mifare Classic tags.
Multimon-NG 	It is a Digital radio transmission decoder that decodes these digital transmission modes: 
                EAS, UFSK1200, HAPN4800, POCSAG512, MORSE CW.
Packetforge-ng 	It is used to create encrypted packets that can subsequently be used for injection. It forges 
                packets: ARP, UDP, ICMP, or custom packets.
PixieWPS 	It is used to bruteforce the WPS pin offline.
Pyrit 	It is used to create a huge database of pre-computed WPA/WPA2-PSK authentication phase in a 
        space-time-tradeoff.
Reaver 	It implements a brute-force attack against Wifi Protected Setup register PINs in order to recover 
        WPA/WPA2 passphrases.
redfang 	It is used to find non discoverable Bluetooth devices.
RTLSDR Scanner 	It is a graphical user interface for USB TV dongles using the OsmoSDR rtlsdr library.
Spooftooph 	It is used to automate spoofing or cloning Bluetooth devices' information.
Tkiptun-ng 	It is used to inject few frames into a WPA TKIP network with QoS.
Wesside-ng 	It cracks a WEP key of an open network without user interference.
Wifi Honey 	It creates five monitor mode interfaces, from which four are used as access points, and the 
            fifth is used for airodump-ng.
wifiphisher 	It is an automated phishing attack against Wi-Fi networks.
Wifitap 	It is used to establish communication over a WiFi network using traffic injection.
Wifite 	It is a wireless auditing tool designed to attack multiple WEP, WPA, and WPS encrypted networks 
        in a row.
wpaclean 	It is used to clean captured files to get only the 4-way handshake and a beacon.